Please welcome to the stage Alex
Rodriguez and Bloomberg's Jason Kelly
for a live taping of the deal. When we
were thinking about who we wanted to be
here with us today, we're like, who who
embodies all of the things that are
power players are the deal. You know,
what are the brands that we might
associate? Giants,
>> Notre Dame, and what's the name of that
bank that's that's downtown?
>> Goldman Sachs.
>> Goldman Sachs. Yeah.
Wharton Business School.
>> Wharton Business School. I think there's
literally only one person who fits that.
So, please help us welcome for this very
special taping of the deal, Justin Tuck.
>> Thanks for being here.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> This is awesome. Um, all right. Take it
away, Champ. So Justin, I've been such a
big fan of yours and you know, Jason was
talking a little bit about, you know,
some of the accomplishments you've, some
of your history, but you know, being a
champion is one thing. Being a champion
in New York is another. And I know that
I was very fortunate to be part of one
title in 2009 with the Yankees, and it's
changed my life. It's changed my family,
the trajectory of my business.
>> You got two titles.
>> How has that impacted your life?
>> Listen, I think the first one was just
surreal. you do it the first time and
again I was very it was very early in my
career. I think there was year three in
my career and you know your friend our
friend Michael Strahan was the the guy
so I was just in awe of like this whole
you know process um and didn't really
really didn't hit me until after the
Super Bowl. So you didn't I didn't
necessarily enjoy like the the leadup to
the Super Bowl cuz he was you know you
just didn't know. Um, but that second
one when I was the captain and I had the
opportunity of seeing all the things in
my life that had changed after we won
the first one. Um, and I got to enjoy
the process of going through it. Whether
that was the road trips, whether that
was the media, whether that was, you
know, my I had a son at that time and he
got the opportunity to experience it.
Um, that type of stuff is just
life-changing. um not not only of
obviously being in New York and doing
it, but um just you know solidifying
that like we did it again that that was
just amazing.
>> So Justin Notre Dame then undergrad then
you go to business school at Wharton
then you win two titles with the Giants
and now you're at Goldman Sachs. I mean
it's blue chip everywhere.
>> Yeah.
>> But take me back. I remember when I was
10 years old was the first time that I
had a vision for what I wanted my life
to be and I called it the two B's. I was
sitting there in New York City watching
Heights with my father, watching the
Yankees, the Mets, and it was at that
point that I wanted the two B's,
baseball and business.
>> I was driven for those two things. When
did you first start thinking about
business? And which one's harder,
business or being a giant?
>> Yeah, I mean, listen, I grew up on a pig
farm in Kelton, Alabama. Um
>> there's probably more people in this
room than it is in Kelton, Alabama. Uh
>> I was going to say if you were waiting
for like Kelton, Alabama
>> Oh, no. Yeah,
>> like they're they're not here.
>> I'll take I'll take Alabama.
Anyone?
>> No. See, um,
>> so for me, I think the only thing I
thought about was from a sports
perspective is how do I utilize football
to provide a phenomenal education that
my parents can't afford.
>> You know, my mom and dad was not going
to be able to send me to Notre Dame. My
mom and dad was not going to be able to
send me to Warden. Um, but I knew if I
did what I needed to do on the football
field and I played basketball and
baseball, I knew that that was going to
afford me the opportunity to go other
places. And so, like for me, um, I never
thought about
anything other than, hey, play a great
football, get a great education, the
time when I started to think about all
the other ancillary things that could
come off of this. Um, I'm talking I'm
talking to my cousin at the time and
this is my rookie year in the league and
he said something to me that he had
probably heard from someone else. And
this is somewhat of a, you know, known
phase now, but like he said, the NFL
stands for not for long. And I just
started thinking about, all right, if
I'm blessed to play four years, if I'm
even if I'm blessed to play 10, I came
to league when I was 21 years old, I'll
be 31 when I retired, what am I going to
do then?
>> And u so I started thinking about that
and started really making relationships
with people. I tell all all of my
friends that play in leagues now, like
make these relationships now while
you're hot. Don't wait till you're like
you're the the 12th year in and you're
just hanging on and you're trying to go
into some some you know private equity
owner or some hedge fund founder. No, do
that stuff now while you're hot, while
you're winning Super Bowls or you're
playing Allstar games
>> and then you can they can be a part of
your journey,
>> right? I had so many guys that were part
of my journey of taking young Justin
Tuck to think about going to Warden,
think about going to Goldman Sachs,
think about, you know, investing in XYZ.
Whereas, if I was left to my own advices
there, I I which is fine. I'll probably
be back, you know, on a farm somewhere
in Alabama, which I love to do, but I
probably wouldn't be doing this if I
didn't have those relationships prior to
lead me to what the opportunities could
be. Well, and it's interesting too to
think about what the what your playbook
was because there are, as there often
are on this show, like echoes to you.
You know, Alex has talked about how, you
know, he would literally like go in his
cleats and into Jerry Rinddorf's office
or, you know, other other owners. You
know, my understanding is you were
literally like working the suits at at
Giant Stadium, right? Is that fair?
>> Oh, no.
>> When I say working, I mean networking.
>> Yeah, for sure. I don't know if it's uh
it's even legal for me to get this
information to be honest with you,
>> but I had I had a phenomenal rel
relationship with the Giants, their
ownership and people that work. I was
just like, man, who owns this? Who is
it? And most of the time they know that
guy, he runs XYZ financial services or
this guy, he his family owns, you know,
this real estate group, whatever it
looks like. And like over time, I was
just like,
I just had a good game. It's Monday. I'm
not doing anything. I should be making
relationships. So, I started talking to
our staff about, hey, is there anybody I
should be talking to? So, I got names of
people who own the suites and started
just reaching out to them and just, you
know, doing a coffee chat or dinner or
lunch or whatever it looked like. And I
didn't want anything. I didn't go in and
say, "Hey, can you help me here?" I just
I was interested in how they got to
where they got to. What are some things
that you can tell me about your story or
your process or your journey that if I
decide to go this route cuz I don't
believe in reinvent the wheel. I think
people have come before all of us that
have done you know things that we would
like to do. So just learn from them and
try not to make the same mistakes they
made. So that was the that was the
premise and then again over time they
got to see me for eight nine years in
the journey of Justin Tuck and now I'm
at Goldman Sachs and you better believe
I'm calling those people and being like
hey
um so uh that part of it was um was
phenomenal in my transition cuz I tell
people all the time transition if you're
thinking about transitioning for
something make it a long transition.
Don't try to just transition. Cuz if you
think about, all right, look at me in
football. Think about how long I played
football to get to that point.
>> So, if I'm transitioning into finance,
why do I think I'm going to go from
being a, you know, highly touted
football player or athlete and go right
into the next transition as that highly
touted person in in finance or person in
real estate or person in whatever it is
you're doing. No, no, no. you you need
to get back to being the Pop Warner
person over here and and and go through
that process of learning all the
ancillary things that's going to make
you that Pro Bowl caliber or that
all-star caliber businessman and not
think that our ego is so great that we
got to go from here to here.
>> Mhm.
>> That's not that's not realistic.
>> Now you're building teams at Goldman
Sachs.
>> Kind of the same things you were doing
with Giants. You mentioned you were the
captain of the team, right? What lessons
and how has that mindset translated to
the world of business? Yeah, I think if
I think about things that I I would do
on a daily basis as a captain of a
football team and now as a as a as a
managing director of leading teams at
Goldman, it's very simple to be honest
with you. Like invest in your in the
people around you. In football, it looks
different. It might be, hey, I'm I'm
bringing this rookie and his family into
our house and cooking him a meal and
making sure I learn everything there is
to know about him, his story, his wife,
his kids, etc., etc. And I use that on
the football fields, too. I mean, fourth
and one and we need to make a stop. I
know exactly what triggers this person.
I know exactly what his motivations is.
I know exactly what's going to get him
so hyped for this moment right in the
fourth quarter and and we need to get a
stop to win a Super Bowl and we're tired
and guys are I know exactly how to point
those, you know, the right things. I
knew which guy like for me to curse him
out on the football field. I knew what
guy need to pull to the side and pat him
on his back and say, "Man, it's okay.
You're doing this right." Right. keep
doing what you're doing. I knew exactly
how to finagle that. And the same thing
in in in the business and my team's at
Goldman. I knew exactly how to um
position our team. And again, as you
bring on new people, you got to learn
that. But like I know exactly how to
position them, what clients they need to
be paired with and which ones um the
synergies are right for this person to
be paired with that that client, etc.,
etc. And that's I think is very it's
it's simple. If you pay attention to
people, if you take an ownership in
knowing what your team looks like and
what really moves the needle for them,
it allows you to make the right
decisions around a lot of different
things in in the business.
>> And so from a business perspective, as
Alex alluded to, you were blending this
early, you know, your interest in
business, but you you also had to think
about your business as a football
player. Um,
>> how did you think about that? and and
you know, I know Alex has had this exper
or Alex had this experience of getting
smarter about the world of baseball and
negotiations and all of that. How did
you do that? And how did you think about
your deal making as a player?
>> Yeah, I think I think back to your point
about when you win, you get more
opportunities. You get opportunity to
sit in some of these rooms that you when
I was a rookie, the contract was a
contract. It was, you know, you trusted
your agent to do the right things for
you and and and get the best outcome for
you. um as you got older and you you had
more success, you could dictate a little
bit more, right? And you could you could
tell your agent, hey, I want to play for
this team or I don't want to play for
that team. I like this, you know? And
then like with the relationships I had
with the Mayor family and the Tish
family and the GMs, I could talk about
things around like, hey, here's where I
think I'm weak. We're weak. Here's where
I think I can get stronger, etc., etc.
Here's where I think the team could get
stronger. And they listened to it. But
they didn't listen to me to the point
was like we were going to just go out
and like hey Justin give us a list of
players but they listened to us from the
perspective they knew like at the time
after straight left it was me and Eli's
team so they knew that we own that
locker that locker room
>> Eli Manning we for those of you not
first name Bailey Eliza Manning
>> um yeah so we own the locker room that
locker room was our place and we didn't
allow nonsense in it um but to that
point we knew the players um We knew
what cuz we was just an extension of
coach Coughlin, right? And we knew how
to navigate that locker room in a way
that we could go back in offseason say,
"Hey, here's where we're strong. Here's
where we're weak." That was the the the
the start of kind of like my deal making
or negotiations with when I was thinking
about contracts at a later point.
>> You know, one of the things that that
we've obviously touched on, but I I I
want to sit for a minute with is, you
know, you do it talk about deals. you do
a deal, one day contracts, you can
retire as a as a giant. Great move. Um
and and then you decide to go to
business school. Um that's a big
decision.
Then you decide to go work for Goldman
Sachs. When you list the sort of places
you've been, I I think you're one of
one. And so why did you make those
decisions? Why did you decide to go to
school? And then why did you decide to
go to Goldman? It's a lot of decisions
there, but like it was probably because
I wanted to learn how to be a better
steward of the gifts and the talents and
the resources God had given me. Uh,
again, growing up where I grew up, um,
not a lot of people get the
opportunities that I had and I didn't
want to squander those opportunities.
So, me going back to business school was
to get smarter about honestly just
managing my own opportunities. Now that
morphed into a lot more, but that was
the that was the the the infancy of the
idea.
>> You wanted to know more about the b how
to how to run the business of Justin.
>> Absolutely. Absolutely. Cuz I was
getting inbounds from all different
opportunities, right? Whether that be on
the real estate side, whether that be,
you know, um you know, going into media.
I dibbled in that for a little bit. And
then also, you know, on the financial
financial side. So, uh I wanted to learn
more about that. Goldman honestly was
because my grandfather used to say
something to me that stuck
to this day I I use it often. He goes,
"If you're not if you're not at the
table, you're on the menu."
>> And what he meant by that was there's so
many so many cases in history where um
decisions have been made for us. And so
like when I think about the
relationships and the uh conversations I
had in those locker rooms and the advice
I had to give kids and I say kids,
rookies and younger players about how to
navigate New York City, whether that was
from the on the on the field, off the
field situation, when I was really
really thinking about what I wanted to
do, I I started to really think about,
you know, how do I represent us uh at
the highest of my ability? And I
couldn't think of any other place um
that gave me an opportunity to be in
these rooms and and be a part of these
decision making deals than in a place
like Goldman Sachs. And like you know I
get the opportunity to talk to you know
a lot of our partners of the firm
obviously David and John who are doing a
absolutely phenomenal job.
>> David Solomon and John Waldron again
>> I think they know who
>> this is this guy I mean with first
names. I mean you know
>> I I call I still call him Mr. and and
and Mr. and Mr. um but they they don't
they don't like that. So I call them
David and John but like uh I get the
opportunity to see that and the thing
that I always tell my team is I don't
really care about owning a bigger piece
of the pie. I care about making the pie
bigger.
>> Um so yeah that's that's that's what
wakes me up in the morning. Um
and I I think that's what drives me to
continue to be successful. That's why
>> platform
>> platform 100%. So Justin, when you think
about when you were a rookie and in
recent news, you saw there was uh an
investor that came in for a 10% piece
for the Giants at 10 billion. When you
were a rookie, it was probably one, two,
or three. It's probably 4x, 5x, 7x.
>> Yeah.
>> Couple questions there. What do you
think is the best investment in sports?
And what do you make of this whole
thing? Where does it stop? Where does it
go?
>> Yeah.
>> What are your thoughts?
>> Listen, I I think Roger
Goodell
and team are doing a quick study. I love
it.
>> They're doing I give you another tip
point about me. I listen loudly.
>> Um, but I think Roger is doing a
phenomenal job and I I it would be
hardressed to think that there's an
investment in sports better than the
NFL. Obviously, I'm biased. There's a
lot of people who represent a lot of uh
sports leagues and sports franchises out
there that would argue that and I would
take that argument. But I, you know,
again, where does it stop? I don't know
if it does. If you think about where
media rights are going and and now
private equity money coming in, the
consolidation around um you know, media,
etc., etc., I I don't I don't I'm not
smart enough to know where it stops. I'm
not I'm not betting on it. I think I
think it is a popular game that's
getting popular, more popular.
>> I guess a better question is true.
>> If you were the championship year in
your second or third year, right? If
somebody told you the Giants would be
worth $10 billion in 2025, would you
have said true or false?
>> I probably would have said false. So, um
it'd be interesting to see um as we sit
here today in 2025, in 2035 where this
where this goes, but I I have no reason
to think that it has a might have a
slowing down power, but I don't think it
has a stopping power.
>> You know, you alluded to something,
Justin, you mentioned it. Private equity
coming in. You know, I had a
conversation earlier today with Tom
Garfinklin and Mike Gerrigetti about
Aries investment in in the Dolphins, you
know, you are through your studies and
now through your day-to-day work, very
familiar with the power of institutional
capital. How does that change the
business of sports in your estimation?
You know, we went through this period
where David Blitzer and Josh Harris and
Mark Lazy, etc., etc., were making
personal investments. Now, it's fund
investments. H how does that how does
that alter the the landscape especially
for people in this room who are thinking
about investing in sports?
>> When you're bringing in that much
capital in and being able to do a lot of
different things, they're going to I
think the movement in in sports
investing is going to be very
interesting. I don't think it's going to
stop. I think you're only going to see
more others get involved in it. And like
I don't just going back to the Giants
deal, right? If you think about, you
know, that valuation
with no control, no path to ownership,
what's stopping the next team, next
owners from doing that? Like there's a
lot of different issues that I have to
deal with on a daily basis for clients,
whether that's, you know, estate issues,
you know, tax issues, etc., etc. But
like I I I just feel like we're at the
the cusp of this and it's going to start
to happen in not only the major league,
the major sports leagues, but also some
of the smaller ones too where you know
valuations are getting so high, who what
individual can afford,
>> right,
>> these teams, right? And as as families
like the mayor and Tish family look for
liquidity, um I think the only next
option is private equity. Thinking about
the future, the question that I would
think about is, you know, what would an
investor pay for Notre Dame football?
>> Yeah.
>> And I'm just thinking like what what
world are we in and how fast is it
moving?
>> But, you know, as well as I know, right?
Sometimes this is just a I mean a play
of like forget the numbers. I just want
to own this asset.
>> So, a lot of times that can get
outrageous. I remember when when when
Balmer bought the Clippers at, you know,
you know what was it? Two billion.
>> Two billion. And now everybody's like,
>> you were like, "You're insane."
>> And now,
>> yeah.
>> I mean, like, so I just I mean, I think
um
Yeah. Who knows, right?
>> But when you think about the college
game, I mean, you know, we watched, you
know, you watched and you watched with
much more vested interest. I watched
just as a college football fan, Notre
Dame play University of Miami the other
night. That was a phenomenal game in
part because of everything that was on
display including the transfer portal,
NIL money, all of those things. These
are the things that didn't exist when
you went to one of the premier, you
would probably say the premier um
college football programs in the
country. When you look at that through
the Wharton Goldman, Justin Tuck lens,
what do you make of college sports these
days?
>> Listen, I just wish I was 18y old, 17
year old kid, in some case a 16-y old
kid. like they're going it's even diving
into college. I mean in high school,
right? So like
>> I listen I I definitely think these
athletes deserve to get paid because
>> for those who wasn't a
college athlete, there's not much else
for you to do. The the program is so
demanding on your time and for good
reason, right? They're giving you a
phenomenal education most places and
you're getting the opportunity to play
the sport you love basically for free.
But like outside of that, I didn't get
the opportunity to really really engage
with the student body as much as I would
have if I had a few dollars in my
pocket, right? And I who knew that these
athletes are going to be making millions
in college.
>> Yeah. It's more than a few dollars.
>> Not a few more. Like so like I
definitely think they deserve to get
paid. I just hope that this thing gets
some structure around it before it
really really gets out of control.
>> All right. So, in our remaining couple
minutes, we're going to do our rapid
fire that we do on every episode of The
Deal. First thing that comes to your
mind?
>> Sure.
>> All right. Yeah. You seem enthusiastic.
Um,
>> these never go well.
>> What's one word to describe your deal
making style?
>> Truthful.
>> What's more important to you, data or
gut?
>> I would say gut that has been fed the
right data.
>> There you go. There you go.
Who's your dream dealmaking partner?
>> Uh, I don't really have a dream person,
but I mean, just a
>> Alex Rodriguez.
>> Oh, boy.
>> All right. I love it. Jason loves I
know.
>> What's What's the best piece of advice
you ever received on deal making or
business?
>> Uh, if you tell the truth, it's easy to
remember.
>> What's the worst advice you've been
given?
>> You're special.
What is your hype song?
>> Story behind that, by the way. What's my
hype song? Phil Collins in the air
tonight.
>> Oh, the drum solo.
>> Yeah,
>> there you go. Uh, you started a literacy
nonprofit called Rush with your wife,
Lauren. What's your favorite book?
>> Wow.
>> I'm going to give a shot to a friend of
mine. I love reading The Other West
Moore.
>> Oh,
>> okay.
>> Really good. If you can only watch one
sport for the rest of your life, which
one is it?
>> Um, y'all going to be surprised by this
one. And it's not even about me. It's
about my wife. Um, because if I had to
watch another sport, I want her right
beside me. So, she loves tennis. So, I
would watch tennis. Seriously.
>> Oh, there you go.
>> Teddy answer.
>> She's gonna see this.
>> You're not gonna make us cry.
What team do you want to see win a
championship more than any?
>> Notre Dame fighting Irish football
program.
>> Just to be very clear,
>> just in case anyone doubted who we were
talking about.
>> All right. What's your advice for
someone who wants a career just like
yours?
>> Do the work.
>> No shortcuts in this. Do the work. So,
>> all right. Well, and on that note, go
Irish.
>> Go Irish.
>> All right. Thank you, Justin, so much.
[Music]